Login Credentials: (1) Standard user: username user, password: user
		 	- A standard user has access to all of the pages, except the admin dashboard page.
	     	   (2) Admin user: username: admin, password: admin
		 	- For admin user, you will enter admin dashboard page directly after "Log in" on index page.


Functionality:

index page:
       1. Search
          when click on "Search on UofTExchange", the result will show all the items posted,
          if there is no input in the "Search item" input box, or show items related to the
          input otherwise.

          The search function will requires a server call to pull related result from database.
          As a result, in phase1, after clicking the search button, it will generate the page
          with hardcoded posts array in class.js as a demonstration.

       2. Log In
          The page will jump to login page

       3. My cart
          If user did not log in, the page will jump to login page.
          Otherwise, the page will jump to the user's shopping cart.


login page:
       This page is shown when the user clicks "Log in" on the index page.

       1. Log In
          Please use the credentials as in "Credential" section above to log in.
          Log in using Admin credential will jump to the admin dashboard. Log in using
          normal user credential will jump to the profile page.

       2. Sign Up
	  User jumps to create account page.
          Note：The newly created user will not be saved in this phase.
          	In Phase 2, we will implement this functionality by saving user information in the database
          	when "submit" is clicked on, and look up this user information when log in.


create account page:
	This page is shown when the user clicks "Sign up" on the login page.

        1. Enter account information that will be used to add a new user to the database.

        2. As noted in #2 of login page, this full functionality will be implemented in phase 2.


shopping cart page:
	This page is shown when the user clicks on the top right shopping cart icon on certain pages.

	This page is the collection of postings that the user selected "Add to Cart" in the items page.
	1. Remove from Cart
	   When the user clicks "Remove from Cart" in a certain item in the cart, that item will be removed from the cart.

	2. Contact the Seller
           Since the implementation of the chatting system requires a server and more back end support, 
	   for phase 1, our message box is hard coded. Therefore, we hard coded to make the first
	   "Contact Seller" button work in the post of "user1 user1". When the user clicks "Contact Seller",
	   the user should enter a chat box with the corresponding seller. The first "Contact Seller" button works and 
	   shows as an example of what the user should see when they click any "Contact Seller" buttons in Phase 2. 
		
	   Note: We will have all the "Contact Seller" buttons work well when the chatting system works in Phase 2.

	3. Buy this Item
	   User clicks on "Buy this item" in a certain posting, the user will jump to the payment page to fill out payment information.
	
	4. Chat with Others (functionality for both user and admin)
           When click on the the "chat" icon on the top-right side of the page.
           A dropdown list of messages will show up and when click on the messages,
           a chatbox will show up at the bottom-right.

           User can send messages using the chatbox to other users.

           Note: In Phase 2, we will use database to store messages and load previous messages
                 to chat window.

	5. My User Profile (to the right of top navigation bar, the circle filled with a profile picture)
	   User jumps to user profile page.
	

items page:
	This page is shown when the user clicks on "Search on UofTExchange" on the index page.

	1. Sorting items (View by price/type/post date)
	   User can select how to view the postings among sorting by (1)Posting time(New to Old), (2)Posting time(Old to New), 
	   (3)price(High to Low) and (4)price(Low to High). 

	2. Add to Cart/Remove from Cart
	   When the user clicks "Add to Cart" in a certain posting, that item will be added to "My cart" and the user can
	   see the number of items in "My cart" has incremented by 1. The "Add to Cart" button will also change to a highlighted 
	   "Remove from Cart" button. If the user choose to "Remove from Cart" of an item, the shopping cart will also remove
	   the item and the user can see the number of items in "My cart" has decremented by 1.

	3. Contact the Seller
           Since the implementation of the chatting system requires a server and more back end support, 
	   for phase 1, our message box is hard coded. Therefore, we hard coded to make the first
	   "Contact Seller" button work in the post of "user1 user1". When the user clicks "Contact Seller",
	   the user should enter a chat box with the corresponding seller. The first "Contact Seller" button works and 
	   shows as an example of what the user should see when they click any "Contact Seller" buttons in Phase 2. 
		
	   Note: We will have all the "Contact Seller" buttons work well when the chatting system works in Phase 2.

	4. Buy this Item
	   User clicks on "Buy this item" in a certain posting, the user will jump to the payment page to fill out payment information.

	5. Chat with Others (functionality for both user and admin)
           When click on the the "chat" icon on the top-right side of the page.
           A dropdown list of messages will show up and when click on the messages,
           a chatbox will show up at the bottom-right.

           User can send messages using the chatbox to other users.

           Note: In Phase 2, we will use database to store messages and load previous messages
                 to chat window.

	6. Make My Post
	   User jumps to post-ad page.

	7. My User Profile (to the right of top navigation bar, the circle filled with a profile picture)
	   User jumps to user profile page. For phase1, we just jump to the profile page of user "user".
	   This will jump to the currently logged in user in phase2.

	8. Manage Shopping Cart
	   User jumps to the shopping cart page to manage his or her cart.

	9. Log Out
	   The user logs out and we return the user to the main index page.


user profile page:
	This page is shown when the user logs in with username = user, password = user from the index page.
	This page also shows when the user clicks the top right circle filled with a profile picture on certain pages.

	1. Edit profile information
           User will be able to edit their profile picture, bio, phone number, email address and payment method.

           (1)User will select "Choose File" under the profile picture and then select a picture on his or her computer.
	   For Phase 1, it works up until the point that the file selected is correctly showing its name on the page.  

	   (2)User will click on the "pencil" icons to make edits to bio, phone number and email address. After the user is
	   done with the edits, the user will click on the "save" icons to save the changes made.
	
	   (3)User will click on the payment method drop down box and select their preferred payment method. Here is only for the
	   profile information, we don't ask to fill in credit card information. The actual transaction will be handled when 
	   the user purchases a book from the postings page (items.html).
	  
	   Note: To show the effect of changing profile picture, we decided to use PHP or jQuery in Phase 2 to store the input 
	    	 files and implement the full functionality then. In Phase 2, the picture uploaded will be stored
           	 in database.

	2. Manage Shopping Cart
	   User jumps to the shopping cart page to manage his or her cart.

	3. Chat with Others (functionality for both user and admin)
           When click on the the "chat" icon on the top-right side of the page.
           A dropdown list of messages will show up and when click on the messages,
           a chatbox will show up at the bottom-right.

           User can send messages using the chatbox to other users.

           Note: In Phase 2, we will use database to store messages and load previous messages
                 to chat window.

	4. Posts I've Made
	   This button jumps to the list of posts I've made in the postings page (items.html). For Phase 1 now, it jumps to all the
	   posts made by all users because we don't have the "search" functionality implemented yet. "Search" will be implemented with
	   a back end database search in Phase 2.
	
	   Note: In Phase 2, after we implemented the "search" functionality on our postings page (items.html), this link will refer to
		 the page of items.html filtered by searching with the username of the current user.
	
	5. Log Out
	   The user logs out and we return the user to the main index page.
	  

admin dashboard page:
	This page is shown when the admin logs in with username = admin, password = admin from the index page.

	1. Side Navigation Bar:
            The side navigation bar will be open when click on the 'hamburger' icon,
            and be closed when click on the 'close' icon in the side navigation bar.

            The main part the page will jump to the corresponding section when click on
            the tags "Dashboard", "Users", "Posts" and "Transactions"

        2. Chat with Others (functionality for both user and admin)
           When click on the the "chat" icon on the top-right side of the page.
           A dropdown list of messages will show up and when click on the messages,
           a chatbox will show up at the bottom-right.
 
           User can send messages using the chatbox to other users.

           Note: In Phase 2, we will use database to store messages and load previous messages
                 to chat window.

        3. Manage Posts:
           When click on 'edit', the post section will change to edit mode, and the admin will
           be able to delete a post by clicking on the "close" icon.

        4. Manage Users:
           When click on "show more / show less", more or less users will be displayed.
           Admin will be able to delete a user when click on the corresponding delete button,
           or view a user's profile in detail when click on "View Detail". Note that, in phase1,
           only the first user is linked to the profile page. Other "view Detail" buttons are not
           functional and they will be complete in phase2.

           The search bar is already functional. And the "Delete" button can correctly remove user from the page.
           
	   Note: The actual delete user will require the assistant of server, which will be
           	 implemented in Phase 2.

        5. Manage Transactions:
            The transactions which have not been processed by the admin yet will show up in
            this section.
            When click on the green check icon, the admin will approve the transaction and
            when click on the red cross icon, the admin will deny the transaction.

	6. Log Out
	   The user logs out and we return the user to the main index page.


post-ad page:
	This page is shown when user clicks "Make My Post" in the postings page (items.html). 

        1. There are three section that the user must complete in order to post a new ad of the
           item they want to sell. Note: this page was designed using a css framework.

        2. Each section must be filled out, otherwise an alert message will warn the user to
           complete each field.

        3. If a price is entered AND a radio button is selected, it will prioritize the entered
           monetary amount.

        4. Upon successfully posting a new ad, the site will redirect the user back to their
           profile page. In phase 2, when there we have a database, it will redirect the user
           to the search page containing their new post.
	
	5. There is a back button to the right of the top navigation bar. The user can go back to the
	   list of postings page should he or she decided not to make a post.


payment page:
	This page is shown when user clicks "Buy this Item"

        1. Standard payment method form page
	   User will enter all personal information and credit card information fields. After that, the user clicks
	   "Pay now" to complete the online purchase.



